	Materiality and Genre in the Study of Discourse Communities
This excerpt discusses the then contested concept of "discourse community." At the time, the idea was too abstracted and not applicable enough to be used uncontroversiallly, or to be tangible to students. The text analyzes communities in legal practice, medical practice, and classrooms, and how to use discourse community theory in a tangible way. The example of jury instructions is explored in detail, revealing how the genre, created within a legal community, may lead to misunderstandings and conflicts when used by non-members, such as jurors.

The study on the medical office reveals how the genre of the medical history form focuses on physical, and not mental, symptoms, which is just an example of how it controls the topics that doctors and patients discuss. In general, it is a western medical form that proliferates western medical practices. In addition, it encourages the transformation of a person living their life, into a depersonalized patient to be cured; and it also discouraged mental and emotional circumstances. The conclusion of that study is the use in recognizing material genres, and by looking at a genre, a student can see a discourse community as a tangible concept that can be broken into useable constituents.
In the final section of the article, having fully explored the definition and ramification of a genre, the article expounds on the use of ethnographic studies in student research. By focusing on a specific genre--the text gives the example of case briefing in law school--the student can become exceptionally well versed in the technical jargon, as well as the virtues and processes of that community. And specifically, it allows for a focused study by looking a a specific genre, rather than the intangible idea of studying the entire discourse community.

%%[[Ann Bib/Summaries/Summaries|Summaries]] %% 